Initial commit for OC-579 (#1)
LimePoint/OpsChain: README.md

## What is OpsChain?

OpsChain unifies your ability to deliver change by bringing all your existing tools, people, and processes together in a single **GitOps**-based workflow — providing a single place to track change and configuration across your platforms and environments.

![infographic shoring OpsChain concentric circles](./images/opschain-overview-infographic-no-words.png)

### Simplify and unify change across all your environments and tools

- Zero-touch change from Development to Production
- Track state and how it changes across each deployment and environment
- Connect the best tools for each job with one universal view of state
- Robust orchestration engine that can handle simple or complex changes
- Reduce your overall cost of change

![infographic showing GitOps operator using OpsChain](./images/opschain-overview.png)

### Observability and Control

> - Track and audit change across your entire portfolio regardless of the underlying tool-chain used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Track and audit change across your entire portfolio regardless of the underlying toolchain used
```

> - Centralised log aggregation across your tool chains included out of the box

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Centralised log aggregation across your toolchains included out of the box
```

- Ship change logs to a permanent store of choice
- See who changed which environment and what they changed
- See detailed records of each change deployment
- Feed all change and event data into your analysis tools via the API

![infographic showing observability](./images/observable.svg)

### Cloud-Native Microservice-based Platform

> OpsChain is built with a modern microservices architecture and cloud-native technologies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpsChain is built with a modern microservices architecture and cloud-native technologies:
```

maybe?

> - container-ready platform
> - easy to install, easy to upgrade
> - can be easily scaled across single or multiple nodes
> - deploy on-premise, in the cloud or behind a firewall

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Container-ready platform
- Easy to install, easy to upgrade
- Can be easily scaled across single or multiple nodes
- Deploy on-premise, in the cloud or behind a firewall
```

to match the other lists?

![infographic showing kubernetes containers for OpsChain components](./images/opschain-cloud-native.png)

### Pluggable Platform

OpsChain is a complete pluggable platform and aims at providing a frictionless platform for delivering change using your tools the way you want, whilst delivering unified view of state of change across your portfolio.

Use the tools you want to deliver the changes the way you want them.

> Plugins out of the box for common tools such as [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io), [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io), and [Ansible](https://www.ansible.com), and common cloud platforms such as [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com), [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-au), and [GCP](https://cloud.google.com).

Reviewer: this isn't quite accurate (yet...)

![infographic showing OpsChain pluggability](./images/opschain-plugins.png)

OpsChain plugins are lightweight and leverage native SDKs provided by each of the vendors.

_**No plugins available for your tools? No problem!**_

Simply add your own OpsChain plugin and wrap your own tools in a way that makes sense for you.

### API-first

OpsChain is an API-first platform. APIs are available for all core capabilities provided by the platform, providing the ability to easily integrate OpsChain into your overall ecosystem.

![infographic showing OpsChain CLI command](./images/opschain-cli.png)

A powerful command-line interface (CLI) is available to interact with the OpsChain platform to manage your changes, environments, and projects.

![infographic showing OpsChain CLI change show command](./images/opschain-change-show.png)

## Want to learn more?

> Want to learn more about OpsChain? Please send an [OpsChain information request](mailto:opschain@limepoint.com?subject=OpsChain%20Want%20to%20learn%20more)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Want to learn more about OpsChain? Please send an [OpsChain information request](mailto:opschain@limepoint.com?subject=OpsChain%20Want%20to%20learn%20more).
```

> Interested in getting access? To request an invitation, please send an [OpsChain trial request](mailto:opschain@limepoint.com?subject=OpsChain%20Trial%20Access%20Request)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interested in getting access? To request an invitation, please send an [OpsChain trial request](mailto:opschain@limepoint.com?subject=OpsChain%20Trial%20Access%20Request).
```

# OpsChain

> [OpsChain](https://opschain.io) is a platform on GitOps principles with a core objective to **Unify Change**. Connect, automate, and orchestrate people, processes, and tools across your on-premise and cloud platforms.

Reviewer: > OpsChain is a platform on GitOps principles

this feels like it's missing something to me? `OpsChain is a ((orchestration and change(?))) platform ((built)) on GitOps principles` ish?

Author: Yeah, I picked this one up too. Thanks for this. I'll add 

```... an orchestration and change automation platform based in GitOps principles```

## Change is HARD and COMPLEX

> The move towards distributed systems and microservices requires a different approach in how change is managed across organisations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The move towards distributed systems and microservices requires a different approach for how change is managed across organisations.
```

i think? (or `approach to`? `approach in` seems wrong to me)

> Advancements in modern technologies, such as cloud and containisation platforms, microservice-based modern applications, and agile operational processes have the objective of breaking down and simplifying monolithic systems, which have historically impeded the ability of organisations to deliver value at speed. Modern advancements in technology platform and processes are impacting the way organisation deliver and manage change:

Reviewer: I think this paragraph doesn't really make sense due to it's complexity? and it's quite repetitive

perhaps:

```
Modern technologies - such as cloud and containisation platforms, microservice-based modern applications, and agile operational processes - help us to break down and simplify historic monolithic systems which have impeded the ability of organisations to deliver value at speed. These modern platforms and processes are impacting the way organisations deliver and manage change:
```

I'd be tempted simplify it further, eg

```
Modern technologies - such as cloud and containisation platforms, microservice-based modern applications, and agile operational processes - are impacting the way organisation deliver and manage change:
```
but i'm not sure if that's a step too far (i think to me it isn't? i don't think we need to justify these why people like these modern technologies? but i'm not sure on that)

Author: Simpler is better I think ... 

```Advancements in modern technologies - such as cloud and containisation platforms, microservice-based modern applications, and agile operational processes - are impacting the way organisation deliver and manage change:
```

- Reducing application and platform complexity by adopting modern cloud and containerisation technologies and platforms such as Kubernetes
- Establishing DevOps and Agile Teams to deliver small, discreet, and frequent changes
- Implementing CI/CD pipelines and automation to underpin their change delivery
- Adopting Git-centric methodologies to streamline and improve overall delivery pipelines

>   _**... all with the objective to simplify change!**_

Reviewer: probably ignore this... but it was my initial reaction, but now i'm not sure.....

```suggestion
  _**... all with the intent to simplify change!**_
```

just an idea, 100% an opinion thing, so definitely feel free to ignore (if it were objective, in my opinion, `all with the objective of simplifying change` would be read better? but doesn't have the same punch)

Author: no dramas. I'll leave as is ... its in our pitch deck the same way.

> The move from large scale monolithic to distributed microservice-based systems has resulted in an exponential increase in the volume of changes required to run and operate an organisation's core systems and platforms. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The move from large-scale monolithic systems to distributed microservice-based systems has resulted in an exponential increase in the volume of changes required to run and operate an organisation's core systems and platforms. 
```

i found it hard to read initially, and thought this might help? just an idea

> The move from large scale monolithic to distributed microservice-based systems has resulted in an exponential increases in the volume of changes required to run and operate an organisation's core systems and platforms. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The move from large scale monolithic to distributed microservice-based systems has resulted in an exponential increase in the volume of changes required to run and operate an organisation's core systems and platforms. 
```

> ![](./images/change-landscape-overview.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![graph showing that moving from fewer large changes to many small changes reduces complexity](./images/change-landscape-overview.png)
```

we should have an alt text for accessibility, not sure if that's the best, but it seemed right?

> Adopting modern technologies and platforms have the objective of simplifying change, and lowering the costs of running and operating modern platforms delivers cost benefits to organisations buying into the modernisation ethos.

Reviewer 2: This sentence doesn't make sense to me..  Initially I was just going to suggest replacing the `have` with `has` near the start, but the whole thing feels a bit disjointed..?

> Adopting modern technologies and platforms have the objective of simplifying change and lowering the costs of running and operating modern platforms, and aim at delivering cost benefits to organisations buying into the modernisation ethos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Organisations are adopting modern technologies and platforms with the objective of simplifying their change and lowering their costs.
```

maybe? trying to make it active tense, and tightening the wording a bit

> ![](./images/change-landscape-desired.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![repeat of the change/complexity graph showing that reducing complexity reduces cost](./images/change-landscape-desired.png)
```
maybe?

However, like most things in modern enterprises, nothing is ever that simple.

> - In Enterprise, changes are NOT entirely discreet and still highly inter-dependent, cutting across team boundaries

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- In Enterprise, changes are NOT entirely discreet and are often highly inter-dependent, cutting across team boundaries
```
maybe?

> - In Enterprise, changes are NOT entirely discreet and often highly inter-dependent, cutting across team boundaries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In Enterprise, changes are NOT entirely discreet and are often highly inter-dependent, cutting across team boundaries
```

> - Change is still required across legacy platforms (and bound to legacy processes in order to deliver them)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changes are still required across legacy platforms and are bound to legacy processes to be delivered
```

maybe? the sentence above has changes as plural, so it feels a bit odd (to me) to swap to singular here?

> - Modern technology, such as Kubernetes and containerisation platforms aim to simplify change and run, but not everything is container-ready

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Modern technology, such as Kubernetes and containerisation platforms aim to simplify change, but not everything is container-ready
```
(or maybe it needs something like 'running systems' ?)

> - Automation is a keystone requirement, but not everything is automated, nor automation-friendly, and often put in the "too-hard basket"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Automation is a keystone requirement - but not everything is automated, nor automation-friendly - so it is put in the "too-hard basket"
```

maybe?

> - Change process still rely on older monolithic technologies such as Jenkins and Bamboo, resulting in a patchwork quilt of technologies "stitched together" in order to meet requirements

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Implementing changes still relies on older monolithic technologies such as Jenkins and Bamboo, resulting in a patchwork quilt of technologies "stitched together" in order to meet requirements
```

> ![](./images/complex-toolchain.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![showing all the technology involved in complex toolchains](./images/complex-toolchain.png)
```

(not super confident on this one... there's probably something better)

Compromise on the above items often leads to higher average cost per change and higher overall cost of change!

> ![](./images/change-landscape-observed.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![repeat of the change/complexity graph showing that more smaller changes is actually increasing organisation costs](./images/change-landscape-observed.png)
```

Reviewer: wrt the graphic, should it show complexity increasing rather than decreasing? maybe something like:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/40051843/133702353-c677531e-ab51-4a88-825d-0b3774a6a0b2.png)

(ie, complexity goes down initially, but then increases again?)

feels like it is accurate to me? just an idea, but it does feel odd that we're saying "complexity has gone down, but cost is going up irrespective"?

[OpsChain](https://opschain.io) was developed to address the problem of managing change in a consistent and uniform way across on-premise, cloud, modern, and legacy platforms. Our objective is to unify people, process, and technology in order to simplify and reduce the operational complexities and costs of running and operating modern enterprise applications and systems in today's world.

## What is OpsChain?

OpsChain unifies your ability to deliver change by bringing all your existing tools, people, and processes together in a single **GitOps**-based workflow — providing a single place to track change and configuration across your platforms and environments.

![](./images/opschain-overview-infographic-no-words.png)

### Simplify and unify change across all your environments and tools

> - Zero-touch change from Development to Production

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- zero-touch change from Development to Production
```
